docs: Add mana api documentation (#1037)
iotaledger/goshimmer: docs/apis/mana.md

#### cURL

```shell
curl http://localhost:8080/mana/consensus/online \
-X GET \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json'
```

#### client lib - `GetOnlineConsensusMana()`

```go
// online access mana
accessMana, err := goshimAPI.GetOnlineConsensusMana()
if err != nil {
    // return error
}

for _, m := accessMana.Online {
    fmt.Println("full node ID: ", m.ID, "mana rank: ", m.OnlineRank, "consensus mana: ", m.Mana)
}
```

### Response examples
```shell
{
  "online": [
      {
        "rank": 1,
        "shortNodeID": "4AeXyZ26e4G",
        "nodeID": "2GtxMQD94KvDH1SJPJV7icxofkyV1njuUZKtsqKmtux5",
        "mana": 75
      }
  ],  
  "timestamp": 1614924295
}
```

### Results
|Return field | Type | Description|
|:-----|:------|:------|
| `online`  | OnlineNodeStr | The consensus mana information of online nodes.   |
| `timestamp` | int64 | The timestamp of mana updates.  |

#### `OnlineNodeStr`
|Field | Type | Description|
|:-----|:------|:------|
| `rank`  | int | The rank of a node. |
| `shortNodeID`  | string | The short ID of a node.   |
| `nodeID`   | string | The full ID of a node.     |
| `mana`   | float64 | The amount of consensus mana.     |

## `/mana/access/nhighest`

> You can get the N highest access mana holders in the network, sorted in descending order.

Reviewer: maybe we can mention here that if N=0, all nodes that have access mana are returned sorted.

| **Type**      | int      |

### Examples

#### cURL

```shell
curl http://localhost:8080/mana/consensus/nhighest?number=5 \
-X GET \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json'
```

#### client lib - `GetNHighestConsensusMana()`

```go
// get the top 5 highest consensus mana nodes
consensusMana, err := goshimAPI.GetNHighestConsensusMana(5)
if err != nil {
    // return error
}

for _, m := consensusMana.Nodes {
    fmt.Println("full node ID: ", m.NodeID, "consensus mana: ", m.Mana)
}v
```

### Response examples
```shell
{
  "nodes": [
      {
        "shortNodeID": "4AeXyZ26e4G",
        "nodeID": "2GtxMQD94KvDH1SJPJV7icxofkyV1njuUZKtsqKmtux5",
        "mana": 26.5
      }
  ],  
  "timestamp": 1614924295
}
```

### Results
|Return field | Type | Description|
|:-----|:------|:------|
| `nodes`  | mana.NodeStr | The N highest consensus mana nodes.   |
| `timestamp` | int64 | The timestamp of mana updates.  |

#### `mana.NodeStr`
|field | Type | Description|
|:-----|:------|:------|
| `shortNodeID`  | string | The short ID of a node.   |
| `nodeID`   | string | The full ID of a node.     |
| `mana`   | float64 | The amount of mana.     |

## `/mana/pending`

> You can get the mana (bm2) that will be pledged by a given output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the amount of base access mana that would be pledged if the given output was spent.
```

### Parameters
| | |
|-|-|
| **Parameter**  | `outputID`          |
| **Required or Optional**   | Required     |
| **Description**   | The requesting output ID.      |
| **Type**      | string      |

### Examples

#### cURL

```shell
curl http://localhost:8080/mana/pending?outputid="4a5KkxVfsdFVbf1NBGeGTCjP8Ppsje4YFQg9bu5YGNMSJK1" \
-X GET \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json'
```

#### client lib - `GetPending()`

```go
res, err := goshimAPI.GetPending("4a5KkxVfsdFVbf1NBGeGTCjP8Ppsje4YFQg9bu5YGNMSJK1")
if err != nil {
    // return error
}

// get the amount of mana
fmt.Println("mana be pledged: ", res.Mana)
fmt.Println("the timestamp of the output (decay duration)", res.Timestamp)
```

### Response examples
```shell
{
  "mana": 26.5,
  "outputID": "4a5KkxVfsdFVbf1NBGeGTCjP8Ppsje4YFQg9bu5YGNMSJK1",  
  "timestamp": 1614924295
}
```

### Results
|Return field | Type | Description|
|:-----|:------|:------|

> | `mana`   | float64 | The amount of mana to be pledged.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `mana`   | float64 | The amount of access base mana to be pledged.     |
```
